pio-home: add page (#5406)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/pio-home.md

# pio home

> > Launch PlatformIO Home Web-server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Launch the PlatformIO Home Web-server.
```

> > Launch the PlatformIO Home Web-server.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Launch the PlatformIO Home web server.
```

> More information: <https://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/core/userguide/cmd_home.html>.

> - Set specific HTTP port for the server (defaults to 8008):

Reviewer 2: What about including a basic example without any additional arguments to start with? Generally we start with less complex examples at the top and work downwards to the more complex ones at the bottom.
Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Use a specific HTTP port (defaults to 8008):
```

Author: Sure, I'm on it

`pio home --port {{port}}`

- Set specific HTTP host for the server (defaults to 127.0.0.1):

> `pio home --host {{host}}`

Reviewer 2: What exactly does this example do?

Author: The usage example from the website is, that you can start your server using `0.0.0.0` as host for inbound connection. But I don't know how else this could be useful.

Reviewer 2: Oh, that's call the bind address or listening address, in that you're binding to a specific interface. I'd suggest that the wording on the website may be incorrect here?

Author: What would you suggest?

Reviewer 2: Hrm, what about this?
```suggestion
- Bind to a specific IP address (defaults to 127.0.0.1):

`pio home --host {{ip_address}}`
```

Author: Sounds good

> - Do not automatically open PlatformIO Home in a system web browser:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Do not automatically open PlatformIO Home in the default web browser:
```

# pio home

> Launch the PlatformIO Home web server.
> More information: <https://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/core/userguide/cmd_home.html>.

> - Open PlatformIO Home in your default web browser:

Reviewer 3: We try to avoid `your`, `you`, `her`, etc.
```suggestion
- Open PlatformIO Home in the default web browser:
```

Reviewer: (`your`, `you`, `her`, etc. = personal pronouns 😉)
